---
id: recap-solana-breakpoint-2022-lisbon
title: 'Recap: Solana Breakpoint 2022 in Lisbon'
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2022/11/16/EpicsSolanaBreakpoint2022.jpg
---

## Solana Breakpoint 2022 in Lisbon

![Epics Solana Breakpoint 2022](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaBreakpoint2022.png)

**Solana Breakpoint 2022 in Lisbon is a four-day event from November 4th to
November 7th, 2022, with over 13,000 attendees gathered at four venues in
Lisbon, Portugal.**

![Solana Breakpoint 2022 Locations](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaBreakpointLocations.png)

Solana Breakpoint is a big annual event that announces the launch of various
innovations in the Solana ecosystem, and Epics DAO and ELSOUL LABO also
participated as Solana Developers.

We will deliver the latest information of attention announced at this event.

## Partnership with Google Cloud

![Solana Google Cloud partnership](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaGoogleCloudPartnership.jpg)

Google Cloud announced that it will add data from the crypto asset Solana to
BigQuery, and that it will start supporting Solana in its Blockchain Node Engine
(BNE). Both are expected to be implemented in 2023.

Google Cloud will index the data from Solana and serve that data in BigQuery.
This will make it easier for Solana developers to access historical data.

Blockchain Node Engine (BNE) is a Web3 (Decentralized Web) node fully operated,
maintained and managed hosting service released by Google Cloud in October 2022.
It can be used with a single click, and Google will take care of tasks such as
waiting for network synchronization, monitoring the connection status, and
responding to restarts when stopped, which are issues in node operation.

Google Cloud also says it has already joined Solana's network as a validator
(node): https://twitter.com/googlecloud/status/1588927875314499590

Google Cloud will provide a credit grant program to "startups that are part of
the Solana ecosystem". Google Credits of up to $100,000 that can be used on
Google Cloud will be provided.

By already running Solana validators, Google Cloud announced that it is learning
about the Solana chain and exploring ways to operate it in a cost-effective
manner.

Introducing Blockchain Node Engine (BNE):
https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/infrastructure-modernization/introducing-blockchain-node-engine

Session "Google Cloud for Web3" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaQf9DtjNHk

## Partnership with Meta (Facebook, Instagram)

![Solana Meta Partnership](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaMetaPartnership.png)

Thanks to the partnership between Solana and Meta, you can now showcase your NFT
collection on the Solana chain on Instagram and Facebook.

We can expect various collaborations in the future.

Detail page: https://solana.com/meta

Session "Unpacking Instagram's Push Into Web3" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O94CKfWM6dM

## New validator node "Firedancer" with over 1 million TPS

![Solana new validator Firedancer](/news/2022/11/16/LaunchFiredancer.jpg)

Jump Crypto announced its latest effort to improve the performance of validator
nodes on the Solana chain.

A demo of Solana's new validator node "Firedancer" has recorded 1 million TPS
(Transactions Per Second).

Session "Hold Me Closer, Firedancer" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dh6Yn2Odyr4

Session "Deep Dive Into Performance Optimization" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF-7duYCK54

Firedancer:

https://jumpcrypto.com/firedancer/

## Saga Phone, Solana Mobile Stack(SMS) and xNFT

![Solana Saga Phone](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaSagaPhone.jpg)

The Solana Mobile Stack & Saga Phone team made a presentation on the importance
of improving UX on mobile and the opening of a dApp store.

The dApp Store (the App Store in Web3), where dApps using the Solana chain
gather, can be used free of charge.

Registration to the dApp Store will begin in January 2023.

With the opening of the dApp Store, there is also a subsidy system for mobile
development.(Mobile Development Grants:
https://share.hsforms.com/17ieOT2CNT_SHx0RTjvLa_A5lohw)

Session "The Saga Continues: Updates From Solana Mobile" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXMy1F9sVJ8

The Saga Phone is currently on sale for pre-order (you can pre-order it by
depositing 100 USDC from the link below. \*Eligible countries only. Check the
Saga Phone Website for the latest information) and is scheduled to be released
in the first half of 2023.

Saga Phone: https://store.solanamobile.com/

![Solana Backpack](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaBackpack.jpg)

Backpack is an open source cryptocurrency wallet.

Innovative ideas such as xNFT (executable NFT) and ONE (Solana chain and Ethreum
chain can be managed in one wallet. Backpack App (xNFT App) works on desktop
browsers and mobiles). We advocate and develop the next generation of UX.

Session "Backpack WAO" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AIQa0lk8X4

Session "How to Build an xNFT" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3Hie3AhYRU

Backpack: https://www.backpack.app/

React xNFT Documentation: https://docs.xnft.gg/

## Evolution and Mobile Support of DAO Tools in Solana

![Solana DAO Tooling Session](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaDAOToolingSession.jpg)

The number and activity of DAOs managed on Solana has grown exponentially in a
short period of time.

![Solana DAOs](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaDAOs.jpg)

Realms DAO takes advantage of Solana's composability and advocates "Plug &
Play".

This open-source DAO tool is designed to allow Solana smart contracts to be
easily plugged in and enabled, making it a hub for various DAO collaborations.

Gilder is an open source mobile DAO management app. Realms DAO (mainly used in
desktop browsers) functions can be executed in mobile apps.

Being able to participate in DAO proposals from anywhere allows teams to focus
more on their core work.

Session "SPL Governance: Developing With Realms" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRuy4aQsSVI

Realms: https://app.realms.today/discover

Gilder: https://gilder.xyz/

## Space DAO that deploys Solana Space with open source

![Solana Space DAO Session](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaSpaceDAOSession.jpg)

The Solana Spaces team announced the Spaces DAO.

Spaces DAO advocates decentralized retail, open source, allowing his Solana
Space to be opened worldwide by voluntary members.

![Solana SpaceDAO](/news/2022/11/16/SolanaSpaceDAO.jpg)

Session "What's in Store? Lessons in Retail From Solana Spaces" (YouTube):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqSCuuUvNrg

Solana Spaces: https://solanaspaces.com/

Spaces DAO: https://spacesdao.org/

## Epics - Decentralized Crowdsourcing Platform

![Epics](/news/2022/07/19/EpicsBusinessModelEN.png)

Epics is a decentralized crowdsourcing platform for incentivizing open source
software development.

Clients can set up a GitHub issue as a Quest (Smart Contract). Developers can
receive token prizes by solving issues (quests).

This ecosystem makes developers focus on problems in their expertise. Also,
clients will be able to solve more advanced problems.

The more token prizes, the more attention to be solved issues. As a result, open
source software grows faster in quality.

Epics solves resource imbalances in software development.

For developers, we can realize a world where they can fully demonstrate and
develop their expertise, and for clients, we can realize a world where open
source software can be used more safely.

We will further develop open source software as a more reliable and high-quality
software asset.

Epics Alpha: https://alpha.epics.dev/en

## About Epics DAO

![Epics Solana Hacker House in Paris](/news/2022/07/19/KawasakiSpeechStage.jpg)

Epics DAO was founded to incentivize open source software development.

Open source software has grown rapidly and is now the core of innovation in
software companies. The developments are in a situation where there are not
enough resources available.

However, the current situation is that open source development sites need more
resources than ever before, such as not only adding and improving functions, but
also solving problems such as bug fixes, and improving documentation and
support.

On the other hand, the developers have a great admiration for a lifestyle where
they can live by committing to open source software. Many developers prefer to
focus all their time on what they are good at if possible.

By creating an ecosystem that incentivizes open source software development with
the Epics platform, We solve resource imbalances and contribute to the further
development of software development sites around the world.

For more information, please visit the website below.

https://epics.dev/en
