---
id: solana-foundation-becomes-epics-dao-partner
title: Solana Foundation Becomes Epics DAO Partner
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2022/10/10/SolanaFoundationPartner.jpg
---

Solana Foundation partnered with Epics DAO after Epics DAO placed fifth in the
Solana Summer Camp Hackathon DAOs track.

## The Solana Foundation

![Solana Foundation](/news/2022/10/10/SolanaFoundationBanner.jpg)

The Solana Foundation is a non-profit organization headquartered in Zug,
Switzerland, dedicated to the decentralization, growth, and security of the
Solana network.

Solana Foundation: https://solana.org/

### Open Source

Fostering an open source community to spur the development of a robust network
of financial products and services to help people access and use the Solana
network.

### Decentralization

Growing the network by adding more validator nodes and increasing the
superminority through delegations.

(The superminority is the smallest number of validators that can control 33% of
total active stake. The higher this number, the more decentralized it is, and
the safer and more stable operation of the community network can be expected.)

### Staking

Facilitate staking by providing grants, open source reference implementations,
and community support.

## Epics DAO won 5th place at the Solana Summer Camp Hackathon!

![Solana Summer Camp Hackathon](/news/2022/09/15/solana-summer-camp-hackathon.jpg)

Epics DAO won 5th place out of over 18,000 applicants in the DAOs track at the
Solana Summer Camp Hackathon held July 11-August 16, 2022.

The Solana Foundation announced the results of the Solana Summer Camp Hackathon
on September 14th. This is a global competition focused on bringing the next
wave of high-impact projects to the Solana ecosystem.

Solana Summer Camp was the 6th official Solana Hackathon, and although it was
primarily an online event, ecosystem teams from around the world participated
held offline events in San Francisco, Chicago, Salt Lake City, New York, London,
Lisbon, Amsterdam, Prague, Berlin, Belgrade, and Singapore.

The hackathon brought together crypto pioneers and developers from around the
world to launch projects on the Solana blockchain spanning payments, DeFi,
mobile, gaming, DAOs and everything in between.

![Solana Summer Camp Hackathon](/news/2022/09/15/solana-summer-camp-image.png)

Open to teams globally, Solana Summer Camp saw nearly 18,000 participants submit
750 final projects to the judges. Stripe, Orca, Grape, Solana Mobile, Fractal,
and Brave joined the Solana Foundation as category sponsors for the hackathon,
offering participants a global prize pool of up to $5 million in prizes and seed
funding.

“I’m thrilled to see the projects that have launched on Solana during Summer
Camp,” said Anatoly Yakovenko, co-founder of Solana Labs. “From payments to
governance, games to finance to mobile, the builders in the Solana ecosystem are
paving the way for mass adoption of blockchain technology.”

Solana Summer Camp Hackathon Results Announcement:
https://solana.com/news/solana-summer-camp-winners

## Epics - Decentralized Crowdsourcing Platform

![Epics](/news/2022/07/19/EpicsBusinessModelEN.png)

Epics is a decentralized crowdsourcing platform for incentivizing open source
software development.

Clients can set up a GitHub issue as a Quest (Smart Contract). Developers can
receive token prizes by solving issues (quests).

This ecosystem makes developers focus on problems in their expertise. Also,
clients will be able to solve more advanced problems.

The more token prizes, the more attention to be solved issues. As a result, open
source software grows faster in quality.

Epics solves resource imbalances in software development.

For developers, we can realize a world where they can fully demonstrate and
develop their expertise, and for clients, we can realize a world where open
source software can be used more safely.

We will realize further development of open source software as a more reliable
and high-quality software asset.

Epics Alpha: https://alpha.epics.dev/en

## Client Quest Staking

Epics DAO announced the release of Client Quest Staking on Epics Alpha.

At Epics, you can bet bounties (EPCT tokens) on GitHub issues of open source
software (Quest creation), and APR 20% staking rewards will be generated for
this bet bounty.

![Epics Quest detail](/news/2022/09/26/quest-detail.png)

This allows Epics clients to help solve current GitHub issues while saving money
for future issues.

As the platform creates more quests, more developers will be able to
participate, and we can expect a virtuous cycle of faster problem solving.

![Epics Questboard](/news/2022/09/26/epics-questboard.png)

As long as the quest is open, that quest bounty will be eligible for staking
rewards. Staking rewards stop when the first pull request for a quest is
approved, and the rewards redeem period begins. So you can redeem staking
rewards when problematic GitHub issues are resolved.

Epics - How it works?: https://alpha.epics.dev/en/how-it-works/

## BDLC NFT Staking

![BDLC Staking](/news/2022/09/20/bdlc-nft-staking-is-now-ready.png)

Epics users can participate in quests as developers and clients, but quest
participants can now stake BDLC NFTs into their participation quests.

![BDLC Staking Detail](/news/2022/09/26/bdlc-staking-detail.png)

By staking BDLC NFT, you can receive EPCT tokens with interest rate according to
the rarity of the NFT every day. This interest will accrue during the quest
period and will stop once the quest GitHub issue is resolved. The user will be
able to stake her BDLC NFTs on new quests again after confirming the GitHub
issue has been resolved.

![BDLC Staking List](/news/2022/09/26/bdlc-staking-list.png)

Quests with higher bounties also have higher stake rewards, making it easier to
get a spot on quests with higher bounties. This helps draw attention to urgent
GitHub issues. BDLC holders are always looking for high bounty quests as they
want high rewards. This will lead to finding out GitHub issues with a high
degree of urgency. By providing incentives for quests with high bounties to
attract more attention, clients will be more likely to attract developers for
urgent quests in a short period of time.

BDLC NFTs are listed on NFT markets such as Open Sea and Magic Eden, and anyone
can purchase them.

Open Sea: https://opensea.io/collection/buidlersc

Magic Eden: https://magiceden.io/marketplace/buidlersc

Also, Epics Alpha is open to anyone with a GitHub account.

Epics Alpha: https://alpha.epics.dev

## About Epics DAO

![Epics Solana Hacker House in Paris](/news/2022/07/19/KawasakiSpeechStage.jpg)

Epics DAO was founded to incentivize open source software development.

Open source software has grown rapidly and is now the core of innovation in
software companies. The developments are in a situation where there are not
enough resources available.

However, for further development, from solving problems such as bug fixes, to
improving documentation and support, etc. We are in need of resources now more
than ever.

On the other hand, the developers have a great admiration for a lifestyle where
they can live by committing to open source software. Many developers prefer to
focus all their time on what they are good at if possible.

By creating an ecosystem that incentivizes open source software development with
the Epics platform, We solve resource imbalances and contribute to the further
development of software development sites around the world.

For more information, please visit the website below.

https://epics.dev/en
