---
id: dengen-epics-ama
title: “Listening to Epics DAO project details” will be held in the DenGEN community
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/01/27/DenGENEpics.png
---

On January 27, 2023 (Friday) from 21:00 (JST), a “Epics DAO project listening
meeting” will be held in the DenGEN community.

## DenGEN community and “Listening to Epics DAO project details”

Many Japanese cryptocurrency traders participate in the DenGEN community and
exchange information on a daily basis. Their activities are mainly on their
Discord community server, where they actively discuss cutting-edge information
in a wide range of fields, such as real-time information on cryptocurrency
trading.

In addition to trading, they are also active in efforts to increase literacy
about understanding the Web3 project and the token economy, etc., and this time
we have the opportunity to talk about Epics DAO project which is close to the
IDO.

The DenGEN community is holding a "Study project contents and Earn money".

So some benefits will be also available for the participants.

Please see the link below for details.

**“Listening to Epics DAO project details”**

Friday, January 27, 2023 21:00 ~ 22:00 (JST)

Detail link: https://link3.to/e/Vpu0VQ

## Open source development is facing a serious resource shortage as it becomes more important every day

![Market Trends](/news/2023/01/23/MarketTrends.png)
![Problem](/news/2023/01/23/Problem.png)

In 2022, 78% of all codebases were open source software. In this 12 years, the
use of open source software in the software development field has suddenly
become an industry standard. It's no exaggeration to say that open source
software is essential to modern innovation.

However, since contributions to open source development are still basically free
of charge, open source development is causing a serious shortage of resources as
the importance of open source software increases day by day.

On the other hand, there are many developers who want to devote their lives to
open source software development.

We are working to solve this resource imbalance problem with the power of Web3
token economy.

Detail (Slides): https://speakerdeck.com/epicsdao/epics-buidl-to-earn

## Epics - Decentralized Crowdsourcing Platform

![Epics](/news/2022/07/19/EpicsBusinessModelEN.png)

Epics is a decentralized crowdsourcing platform for incentivizing open source
software development.

Clients can set up a GitHub issue as a Quest (Smart Contract). Developers can
receive token prizes by solving issues (quests).

This ecosystem makes developers focus on problems in their expertise. Also,
clients will be able to solve more advanced problems.

The more token prizes, the more attention to be solved issues. As a result, open
source software grows faster in quality.

Epics solves resource imbalances in software development.

For developers, we can realize a world where they can fully demonstrate and
develop their own skills, and for clients, we can realize a world where they can
develop higher quality open source software and use open source software more
safely.

We would like to contribute to the development of open source software as a more
reliable, high-quality global software asset.

Epics Platform: https://alpha.epics.dev/en

## $EPCT Token Airdrop for Open Source Projects

![EPCT Airdrop](/news/2023/01/23/AirdropForOpenSourceProject.png)
![What's EPCT?](/news/2023/01/23/WhatIsEPCT.png)

Epics DAO will airdrop 100,000 $EPCT ($1,250 as of 1/25/2023) for each eligible
open source project. (up to 400 projects)

Solana Labs' DAO tool project Realms ( https://app.realms.today/discover ),
multi-chain oracle DIA ( https://www.diadata.org/ ), streaming payment protocol
Zebec ( https://zebec.io/ ) and more are the open source projects already
approved to get the airdrop.

They can use $EPCT to create bounty quests for GitHub issues they want resolved
on the Epics platform.

Developers can earn $EPCT by clearing bounty quests on Epics.

※ $EPCT will be able to be exchanged for $USDC after the IDO on 1/31/2023.

Airdrop Detail (Slides):
https://speakerdeck.com/epicsdao/airdrop-for-open-source-projects

Form for the Airdrop for Open Source Projects:
https://forms.gle/S7g9Cv9EfzVX3cHJ6

## Disclaimer

This article has been prepared for informational purposes and may not be used
for the purpose of soliciting the purchase, sale or underwriting of crypto
assets, securities or other financial instruments, It should not constitute
product advice or recommendations.

The information and opinions published in this article have been obtained from
information sources that we have determined to be reliable, but we do not
guarantee their accuracy, completeness, suitability for purpose, up-to-dateness,
truthfulness, etc. is not.

Our company, the author, and all other parties concerned are not responsible for
any damage or loss caused by or related to any information published or
described in this article. Since cryptocurrencies involve hacking and other
risks, we recommend that you do your own due diligence before using them.
