---
id: over-30000-people-on-epics-beta-waitlist
title: Applicants for the Web3 blockchain game "Epics," which supports open-source development, has exceeded 30,000.
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/07/20/Over30000waitingEpics.png
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (Headquarters: Amsterdam, Netherlands) announced on July 20,
2023, that the number of applicants for the beta version of its Web3 blockchain
game "Epics - The Builders Guild" has exceeded 30,000.

Epics Official Website: https://epics.dev/

## What's Epics?

![Epics - Blockchain Game for Social Contribution](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsBlockchainGameForSocialContributionEN.png)

Epics is a social contribution type BCG (blockchain game). We aim to transform
open-source development, which has become a serious resource shortage, into a
sustainable environment.

## Open-source development challenges

![Epics - Open Source Development resource shortage](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsOpenSourceDevelopmentResourceShortageEN.png)

Open-source software has spread rapidly in the last ten years and is currently
used by more than 90% of companies, but open-source development is still
basically free of charge and has not become a sustainable environment.

Much open-source software has not been maintained for more than two years
despite being widely used, and the percentage of corporate applications that
contain open-source code with vulnerabilities is 84% (2022), which is very
dangerous.

However, as can be seen from the fact that more than 90% of all companies use
it, open-source software has a high value as a public good, and anyone in the
world can use and benefit from it. Open-source is also essential for digital
transformation (DX).

![Epics - Open Source Cost Benefit](/news/2023/07/20/OpenSourceConstBenefitEN.png)

In 2021, the EU published a report examining the social impact of open-source
development. There, investment in open-source development is announced to be 10
times more cost-effective on an EU-wide GDP basis (2018).

## Epics - The Buidlers Guild

![Epics - Players](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsPlayersEN.png)

Epics is a command-based battle game in which you choose one of three jobs, earn
points by contributing to open-source development, and use those points to
develop your character.

Developers (Dev) who solve various problems such as vulnerabilities, social
investors (Investors) who contribute to the development of the world by
supporting open-source development, and public relations activists (Degen) who
convey this unknown big problem to the world. Three types of players cooperate
to solve the social problems of open-source development.

![Epics - Gamification](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsGamificationEN.png)

Points are awarded for real-world actions that remedy the resource scarcity of
open-source development, so being strong in an Epics game means significantly
contributing to open-source.

It is an effort to realize a better society by making contributions to society
visible as a status that was difficult to see in reality, by preparing
incentives for positive actions for society, and by working together to solve
this problem while having fun.

![Epics - New Economy](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsNewEconomyEN.png)

Epics incentivizes developers, investors, and public relations activists by
developing a gaming platform that connects to real-world issues.

Social problems will be solved by each seeking fun and incentives and taking
action.

We believe that the “new economy” that combines blockchain and gamification will
solve problems that have not been solved until now.

## Epics Beta Waiting List

![Epics Beta Waiting List](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsBetaWaitingList.png)

The Epics beta waitlist is now live.

If you join the waitlist, you might receive priority invites to games, including
private betas.

Thankfully, the waitlist now has over 30,000 of its attendees.

Let's work together to solve social problems and create public goods. We are
excited to see you participate.

Epics Beta Waiting List (Google Form): https://forms.gle/piSwBa4iYnsofaNXA
