---
id: dia-data-becomes-epics-dao-partner
title: Web3 Multichain Oracle Platform DIA Becomes Epics DAO Partner
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2022/11/03/EpicsDIAPartner.png
---

Epics DAO has announced a partnership with DIA, the Web3 multi-chain oracle
platform.

\*Oracle: The role of correctly and safely linking data on the blockchain
(on-chain) and data not on the blockchain (off-chain), and is necessary for
smart contracts to handle data outside the blockchain.

## DIA, Multi-Chain Oracles for Web3

![DIA x Epics Architecture](/news/2022/11/03/EpicsDIAArchitecture.png)

DIA is a multi-chain, end-to-end, open-source data and oracle platform for Web3.
The DIA platform enables the sourcing, validation and sharing of transparent and
verified data feeds for traditional and digital financial applications. DIA’s
institutional-grade data feeds cover digital asset prices, NFT floor prices,
lending rates, FX rates and more.

Epics platform requires real-time data about the state changes of pull requests
delivered on-chain on the Solana network. We needed the decentralised data
platform with an off-chain/on-chain automation solution via a smart contract
oracle by DIA to run the protocol in a trustless and transparent manner.

The oracle provided by DIA provides automatic connection between GitHub pull
request status (off-chain data) and Epics protocol on Solana (on-chain),
enabling smooth development and operation of a decentralized crowdsourcing
platform.

Michael Weber, DIA Association President comments:

"We are excited to expand the capabilities of DIA’s customisable and transparent
oracle infrastructure to provide off-chain/on-chain automaton capabilities for
Epics. We are excited to see the development of the Epics platform,
incentivizing open source software development."

DIA: https://www.diadata.org/

For more information about the collaboration, visit a DIA core team's official
article: https://diadata.medium.com/ee78f20fd725

## Epics DAO won 5th place at the Solana Summer Camp Hackathon!

![Solana Summer Camp Hackathon](/news/2022/09/15/solana-summer-camp-hackathon.jpg)

Epics DAO won 5th place out of over 18,000 applicants in the DAOs track at the
Solana Summer Camp Hackathon held July 11-August 16, 2022.

The Solana Foundation announced the results of the Solana Summer Camp Hackathon
on September 14th. This is a global competition focused on bringing the next
wave of high-impact projects to the Solana ecosystem.

Solana Summer Camp was the 6th official Solana Hackathon, and although it was
primarily an online event, ecosystem teams from around the world participated
held offline events in San Francisco, Chicago, Salt Lake City, New York, London,
Lisbon, Amsterdam, Prague, Berlin, Belgrade, and Singapore.

The hackathon brought together crypto pioneers and developers from around the
world to launch projects on the Solana blockchain spanning payments, DeFi,
mobile, gaming, DAOs and everything in between.

![Solana Summer Camp Hackathon](/news/2022/09/15/solana-summer-camp-image.png)

Open to teams globally, Solana Summer Camp saw nearly 18,000 participants submit
750 final projects to the judges. Stripe, Orca, Grape, Solana Mobile, Fractal,
and Brave joined the Solana Foundation as category sponsors for the hackathon,
offering participants a global prize pool of up to $5 million in prizes and seed
funding.

“I’m thrilled to see the projects that have launched on Solana during Summer
Camp,” said Anatoly Yakovenko, co-founder of Solana Labs. “From payments to
governance, games to finance to mobile, the builders in the Solana ecosystem are
paving the way for mass adoption of blockchain technology.”

Solana Summer Camp Hackathon Results Announcement:
https://solana.com/news/solana-summer-camp-winners

## Epics - Decentralized Crowdsourcing Platform

![Epics](/news/2022/07/19/EpicsBusinessModelEN.png)

Epics is a decentralized crowdsourcing platform for incentivizing open source
software development.

Clients can set up a GitHub issue as a Quest (Smart Contract). Developers can
receive token prizes by solving issues (quests).

This ecosystem makes developers focus on problems in their expertise. Also,
clients will be able to solve more advanced problems.

The more token prizes, the more attention to be solved issues. As a result, open
source software grows faster in quality.

Epics solves resource imbalances in software development.

For developers, we can realize a world where they can fully demonstrate and
develop their expertise, and for clients, we can realize a world where open
source software can be used more safely.

We will realize further development of open source software as a more reliable
and high-quality software asset.

Epics Alpha: https://alpha.epics.dev/en

## About Epics DAO

![Epics Solana Hacker House in Paris](/news/2022/07/19/KawasakiSpeechStage.jpg)

Epics DAO was founded to incentivize open source software development.

Open source software has grown rapidly and is now the core of innovation in
software companies. The developments are in a situation where there are not
enough resources available.

However, for further development, from solving problems such as bug fixes, to
improving documentation and support, etc. We are in need of resources now more
than ever.

On the other hand, the developers have a great admiration for a lifestyle where
they can live by committing to open source software. Many developers prefer to
focus all their time on what they are good at if possible.

By creating an ecosystem that incentivizes open source software development with
the Epics platform, We solve resource imbalances and contribute to the further
development of software development sites around the world.

For more information, please visit the website below.

https://epics.dev/en
