---
id: elsoul-labo-has-been-approved-for-google-cloud-web3-startups-program
title: ELSOUL LABO has been approved for Google Cloud Web3 Startups Program
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/05/04/GoogleCloudWeb3Startups.png
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (Headquarters: Amsterdam, Netherlands) announced on May 4
(Thursday) that the company was approved for the Google Cloud Web3 Startups
Program.

The company operates Epics DAO, a decentralized crowdsourcing platform, and
develops blockchain games (BCG) to realize a sustainable open-source development
environment.

Google Cloud Web3 Startups Program: https://cloud.google.com/startup/web3

## Google Cloud Web3 Startups Program

![Google Cloud Web3 Startups Program](/news/2023/05/04/GoogleStartUpProject.png)

Google Cloud Web3 Startups Program is a Google Cloud program dedicated to Web3
technology, aiming to provide funding, technical support, and business
development to innovative blockchain startups worldwide. This program gives the
approved projects access to Google Cloud's global network, business connections,
extensive technical resources, and technical support.

The approved projects can focus more on real-world innovations such as dApps and
Web3 tools/services than infrastructure.

The program has various partners from the Web3 community, and also there are
grants from Google and the partners below.

![Google Cloud Web3 Startups Program Partners](/news/2023/05/04/GoogleWeb3StartUpPartners.png)

## Epics - The Buidlers Guild

![Epics - The Buidlers Guild](/news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuild.png)

80% of the current software (including commercial) source code worldwide is
open. Most software today is based on open-source software. However, open-source
development is free of charge and is not a sustainable environment.

To make open source development sustainable, the existence of capital
(Investor), development resources (Dev), and public relations (Degen) that
inform the current situation and gather collaborators is indispensable. Good
cooperation among these three parties will enable further open-source
development. As open source development develops, the software that depends on
it will benefit, and society will become more convenient.

Epics players first choose their job among Dev, Degen, and Investor. After that,
you can earn many points by doing actions in your specialty (for example, Dev
for development work, Degen for advertising, Investor for investing and donating
to open source projects, and holding bounty programs). Teams with all three
types of jobs collected get preferential status. Both in the game and the real
world, cooperation between developers (Dev), public relations (Degen), and
investors (Investor) is essential. As the game progresses, real-world
open-source problems also will be solved.

Epics aims to create a sustainable open-source development environment powered
by gamification and Web3 token economy. Enthusiasm for the game raises funds,
solves problems such as actual bugs, and allows developers to earn a living by
contributing to open-source development, allowing them to focus more on
development. The virtuous cycle is created. Such a sustainable open-source
development environment will enable more convenient software innovation.

For more information, join the Epics DAO Discord server for the latest news and
private Beta access.

Epics DAO (Discord): https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx
