---
id: social-contribution-bcg-epics-dao-released-video
title: Epics DAO, a social contribution BCG that supports open-source development, has released a video explaining its efforts
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/06/27/BuidlToEarnEN.png
---

Epics DAO (Operating: ELSOUL LABO, Headquarters: Amsterdam, Netherlands), which
operates a social contribution BCG (blockchain game) that supports open source
development, published a video explaining the DAO's efforts on YouTube.

Epics - Social Contribution BCG (Blockchain Game) for Open-Source:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yltbdGvGf3M

## Social Contribution BCG (Blockchain Game) Epics

![Epics - BCG for Social Contribution](/news/2023/06/08/EpicsBCG1EN.png)

Epics is a social contribution blockchain game. Let’s realize a sustainable open
software development environment for the prosperity of society. Gamification
with incentives creates a virtuous circle where more play solves social
problems.

## Challenges of Open-Source Software Development

![Epics - BCG for Social Contribution](/news/2023/06/08/EpicsBCG2EN.png)

In 2022, 97% of the world’s software contain Open-Source code, and 90% of
companies use it in their businesses (2022 Synopsys: OSSRA, 2022 GitHub:
Octoverse, The state of open source software). Open-Source software can be
freely used by anyone for free and is developed and improved by developers
worldwide, so it is of high quality. Therefore, the mainstream is combining
Open-Source software to create software for your business.

Open-Source software is the core of modern innovation, but its development
environment has problems. The “percentage of open source software in all
codebases,” which was 10% in 2010, has increased sharply to 78% (2022 Synopsys:
OSSRA) in 2022, an eightfold increase in about ten years. Even though the cost
of developing and maintaining Open-Source software continues to rise,
enthusiastic developer volunteers still do it free of charge.

![Epics - BCG for Social Contribution](/news/2023/06/08/EpicsBCG3EN.png)

Due to this serious lack of resources, many projects have been forced to stop
development despite their high usage. As the number of bugs increases and usage
increases, many problems still need to be addressed. “Percentage of open source
code with high-risk vulnerabilities” is 48% (2023 Synopsys: OSSRA). As a result
of ignoring the increased development costs, unfortunately, the current
situation is that about half of the software has been exposed to danger.

![Epics - BCG for Social Contribution](/news/2023/06/08/EpicsBCG4EN.png)

On the other hand, the cost-effectiveness of investing in Open-Source software
is high. The European Commission will publish its first study and paper on the
economic impact of open source in 2021, reporting a high cumulative contribution
of 1:10 to the EU’s GDP in 2018 ( 2021 European Commission: The effect of Open
Source Software and Hardware on technological independence, competitiveness, and
innovation in the EU economy).

It is a socially critical mission to increase active investment in Open-Source.
Epics DAO accomplishes this mission by developing and operating a social
contribution blockchain game.

## Blockchain Game for Social Contribution

![Epics - BCG for Social Contribution](/news/2023/06/08/EpicsBCG5EN.png)

There are three missing resources in Open-Source software development.
Development resources and funding, and awareness of the issue. Epics players can
choose one of three jobs, Dev (development), Investor (investor), and Degen
(PR), and earn a lot of points by taking corresponding actions (development,
investment, PR).

![Epics - BCG for Social Contribution](/news/2023/06/08/EpicsBCG6EN.png)

The game awards point for contributions to real-world Open-Source software
development, and stats rise accordingly, showing that strong players contribute
to open source. In other words, your Epics status now represents your social
contribution, and that contribution is designed to lead to rewards. We will
build a virtuous community ecosystem where players seek their incentives and
solve social problems by enjoying the game.

## New Economy with Blockchain Technology

![Epics - BCG for Social Contribution](/news/2023/06/08/EpicsBCG7EN.png)

By utilizing blockchain, it is now possible to build an environment that could
not be realized before. It is possible to return profits to the community
through the token economy while reducing costs such as the omission of middlemen
and the management of sending and receiving money that sometimes involves
complicated international remittances.

By giving correct rewards to the contributors to the community and platform
according to their degree of contribution, it will be possible to operate the
community and platform more healthily and have the potential to solve many
social issues.

In the case of Epics, by developing a game platform linked to the real-world
problem of a serious lack of resources for Open-Source software development,
there are incentives for developers, investors, and public relations, and each
has fun and incentives to solve social problems.

We believe that the “New Economy” that combines blockchain and gamification will
solve problems that have not been solved until now.

For more information, please read the White Paper from Epics Official Website:
https://epics.dev/en/

Not a Financial Advice. Do Your Own Research.

Thank you for reading to the end.

Please join the Epics Discord community if you’re interested in what we’re
doing.

Epics Discord Community: https://discord.gg/GmHYfyRamx
