---
id: new-epct-rewards-on-meteora
title: $EPCT Reward Campaign Launches at Meteora, Aiming for Yield Maximization in Solana DeFi
category: Press Release
thumbnail: /news/2024/02/19/MeteoraStartedEPCTRewards.jpg
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (Headquarters: Amsterdam, Netherlands, CEO: Fumitake Kawasaki)
operates Epics DAO, which supports open-source development through a socially
contributive Web3 NFT card game utilizing the Solana blockchain. We are excited
to announce a new rewards campaign for the $EPCT utility token at Meteora aimed
at yield maximization within Solana DeFi.

Please note, this article is not intended as investment advice, and the
information contained herein is based on the time of writing. Always confirm the
latest information and practice NFA / DYOR.

## $EPCT Rewards Campaign Starts at Meteora

A new $EPCT reward campaign has commenced at Meteora, aimed at yield
maximization within Solana DeFi.

Over a period of four weeks, liquidity providers (LPs) in the $EPCT - $USDC
liquidity pool will receive additional $EPCT REWARDS as compensation.

The current APR (Annual Percentage Rate) for the $EPCT - $USDC liquidity pool on
Meteora ranges between 109~116%.

Meteora Liquidity Pool $EPCT-$USDC:
https://app.meteora.ag/dlmm/Bvuxt4bprNYt5bgGXy2MKi5YTbakj6CJvwpfYXWePqVW

![Meteora DLMM $EPCT - $USDC Pool](/news/2024/02/19/MeteoraDLMMwithEPCTrewards.jpg)

![Meteora DLMM Pool Ranking](/news/2024/02/19/MeteoraRanking.jpg)

## Meteora: The First Dynamic Yield Infrastructure in DeFi

![Meteora Dynamic Yield Infrastructure](/news/2024/02/19/MeteoraTop.jpg)

Meteora is pioneering the first dynamic (or, variable) yield infrastructure on
the Solana blockchain within the DeFi space.

This infrastructure and protocol enable users to automatically move funds to the
most optimal pool for the best yields, offer more flexible liquidity provision,
and feature dynamic fees and zero slippage.

Through these features, liquidity providers can flexibly respond to market
fluctuations, manage the risk of impermanent loss, and aim to maximize yields in
the most suitable way for market conditions.

Meteora DLMM Pools: https://app.meteora.ag/dlmm

![10% Token Airdrop Point Campaign at Meteora](/news/2024/02/14/LPStimulusPackageMeteora.jpg)

Currently, Meteora is running a point campaign (Met Points) for liquidity
providers, offering a 10% governance token airdrop.

Points determine tiers, and the amount of governance tokens awarded varies by
tier.

By providing liquidity to the $EPCT - $USDC pool, you can also participate in
this campaign.

We hope you enjoy this opportunity to earn both $EPCT rewards and MET Points.

Meteora Liquidity Pool $EPCT-$USDC:
https://app.meteora.ag/dlmm/Bvuxt4bprNYt5bgGXy2MKi5YTbakj6CJvwpfYXWePqVW

Details of MET Points: https://proposals.meteora.ag/t/10-lp-stimulus-plan/9

## About Epics DAO

![Epics Platform NFT Card Game](/news/2023/12/01/EpicsPlatformEN.png)

In recent years, open-source software of high quality and often free of charge
has been adopted by 97% of companies. However, many projects, being
volunteer-driven, struggle with funding and resource shortages, leading to
inadequate maintenance. As a result, more than half of the software worldwide is
at serious risk of security issues.

The Epics platform integrates three crucial resources for projects: development,
funding, and PR, in a new way. It fosters collaboration among community members
with different roles, such as developers, investors, and PR activists. The goal
is to strengthen support for open-source software development, ensuring
sustainable development, global software security, and further quality
improvement.

Epics introduces a new economic system where users are rewarded with different
coins based on their contribution method (development, investment, PR), with the
type of NFT cards earned also varying by job. This creates an environment where
users with different roles support each other's achievements, enjoying aspects
like acquiring and opening card packs, trading cards or packs in the market, and
participating in competitions.

By playing and enjoying the platform, a sustainable open-source development
environment is created, contributing to the solution of social issues. This is
the effort of Epics DAO, and everyone can cooperate in various ways. We look
forward to your participation. For more information, please check our official
Discord.

Epics DAO Official Discord: https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx
