---
id: deans-list-becomes-epics-dao-partner
title: Web3 Feedback Service DAO "Dean's List" made a partnership with Epics DAO
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2022/11/01/EpicsDeansListPartner.png
---

Epics DAO has announced a partnership with Dean's List, a feedback session
service DAO consisted of Web3 power users.

## Dean's List

![Dean's List](/news/2022/11/01/DeansListPop.png)

Dean's List is a Service DAO consisting of Web3 power users, who provide
valuable feedback sessions to projects.

Dean's List has contributed improvements to various Solana Web3 projects such as
Squads Protocol (https://squads.so/) and Streamflow Finance
(https://streamflow.finance/).

With this partnership, BDLC NFT (Epics DAO's NFT collection) holders, will be
able to participate in the Dean's List feedback session as Web3 early adopters
and receive token rewards based on their contribution.

In addition, Dean's List DAO plans to develop many open source projects such as
Website, and the Epics platform will be used to solve those problems.

Dean's List (Discord): https://discord.gg/9ZqZJFVuFY

Twitter: https://twitter.com/GrapeDeanslist

## Epics DAO won 5th place at the Solana Summer Camp Hackathon!

![Solana Summer Camp Hackathon](/news/2022/09/15/solana-summer-camp-hackathon.jpg)

Epics DAO won 5th place out of over 18,000 applicants in the DAOs track at the
Solana Summer Camp Hackathon held July 11-August 16, 2022.

The Solana Foundation announced the results of the Solana Summer Camp Hackathon
on September 14th. This is a global competition focused on bringing the next
wave of high-impact projects to the Solana ecosystem.

Solana Summer Camp was the 6th official Solana Hackathon, and although it was
primarily an online event, ecosystem teams from around the world participated
held offline events in San Francisco, Chicago, Salt Lake City, New York, London,
Lisbon, Amsterdam, Prague, Berlin, Belgrade, and Singapore.

The hackathon brought together crypto pioneers and developers from around the
world to launch projects on the Solana blockchain spanning payments, DeFi,
mobile, gaming, DAOs and everything in between.

![Solana Summer Camp Hackathon](/news/2022/09/15/solana-summer-camp-image.png)

Open to teams globally, Solana Summer Camp saw nearly 18,000 participants submit
750 final projects to the judges. Stripe, Orca, Grape, Solana Mobile, Fractal,
and Brave joined the Solana Foundation as category sponsors for the hackathon,
offering participants a global prize pool of up to $5 million in prizes and seed
funding.

“I’m thrilled to see the projects that have launched on Solana during Summer
Camp,” said Anatoly Yakovenko, co-founder of Solana Labs. “From payments to
governance, games to finance to mobile, the builders in the Solana ecosystem are
paving the way for mass adoption of blockchain technology.”

Solana Summer Camp Hackathon Results Announcement:
https://solana.com/news/solana-summer-camp-winners

## Epics - Decentralized Crowdsourcing Platform

![Epics](/news/2022/07/19/EpicsBusinessModelEN.png)

Epics is a decentralized crowdsourcing platform for incentivizing open source
software development.

Clients can set up a GitHub issue as a Quest (Smart Contract). Developers can
receive token prizes by solving issues (quests).

This ecosystem makes developers focus on problems in their expertise. Also,
clients will be able to solve more advanced problems.

The more token prizes, the more attention to be solved issues. As a result, open
source software grows faster in quality.

Epics solves resource imbalances in software development.

For developers, we can realize a world where they can fully demonstrate and
develop their expertise, and for clients, we can realize a world where open
source software can be used more safely.

We will realize further development of open source software as a more reliable
and high-quality software asset.

Epics Alpha: https://alpha.epics.dev/en

## About Epics DAO

![Epics Solana Hacker House in Paris](/news/2022/07/19/KawasakiSpeechStage.jpg)

Epics DAO was founded to incentivize open source software development.

Open source software has grown rapidly and is now the core of innovation in
software companies. The developments are in a situation where there are not
enough resources available.

However, for further development, from solving problems such as bug fixes, to
improving documentation and support, etc. We are in need of resources now more
than ever.

On the other hand, the developers have a great admiration for a lifestyle where
they can live by committing to open source software. Many developers prefer to
focus all their time on what they are good at if possible.

By creating an ecosystem that incentivizes open source software development with
the Epics platform, We solve resource imbalances and contribute to the further
development of software development sites around the world.

For more information, please visit the website below.

https://epics.dev/en
