---
id: new-epct-rewards-on-orca
title: $EPCT REWARDS Campaign Starts on Orca, the Solana DEX with the Highest Trading Volume
category: Press Release
thumbnail: /news/2024/02/15/NewEPCTRewardsPoolPair.jpg
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, CEO: Fumitake
Kawasaki) operates Epics DAO, which supports open-source development through a
socially-contributive Web3 NFT card game utilizing the Solana blockchain. We are
excited to announce a new rewards campaign for the utility token $EPCT issued by
Epics DAO, starting on Orca, the decentralized exchange (DEX) on the Solana
chain known for its highest trading volume.

Firstly, this article is not intended for investment advice. Also, the
information contained in this article is as of the time of writing. Please check
for the most current information. Always NFA / DYOR.

## About the $EPCT REWARDS Campaign

The $EPCT REWARDS campaign has started on Orca, the largest DEX on the Solana
blockchain.

During the 4-week period starting February 15, liquidity providers (LPs) for the
$EPCT/$SOL and $EPCT/$USDC 0.3% Fee Pools can earn $EPCT REWARDS as an
additional incentive.

As of February 15, the DPR (Daily Profit Rate) / APR (Annual Percentage Rate)
are as follows:

- $EPCT/$SOL: 0.213% DPR / 77.751% APR
- $EPCT/$USDC: 0.185% DPR / 67.675% APR

Orca $EPCT REWARDS Pool:
https://v1.orca.so/liquidity/browse?tokenMint=CvB1ztJvpYQPvdPBePtRzjL4aQidjydtUz61NWgcgQtP

![Orca EPCT REWARDS](/news/2024/02/15/OrcaEPCTRewardsPoolsAPR.jpg)

![Orca EPCT REWARDS](/news/2024/02/15/OrcaEPCTRewardsPoolsDPR.jpg)

## Orca: DeFi for People

![Orca - DeFi for People](/news/2024/02/15/OrcaDeFiForPeople.jpg)

Orca is the DEX with the highest trading volume on the Solana blockchain. It
offers a simple, user-friendly, and approachable interface to make it easier for
users to participate in DeFi (Decentralized Finance).

On Orca, users can trade tokens cheaply, quickly, and with reliability.

Orca ($EPCT-$USDC):
https://v1.orca.so/?input=EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v&output=CvB1ztJvpYQPvdPBePtRzjL4aQidjydtUz61NWgcgQtP

Additionally, it employs an innovative liquidity protocol called CLAMM
(Concentrated Liquidity Automated Market Maker), allowing liquidity providers
(LPs) and market makers to provide liquidity more strategically and efficiently,
earning trading fees and tokens in the process.

Orca $EPCT REWARDS Pool:
https://v1.orca.so/liquidity/browse?tokenMint=CvB1ztJvpYQPvdPBePtRzjL4aQidjydtUz61NWgcgQtP

![Orca CLAMM](/news/2024/02/15/OrcaCLAMM.jpg)

## About Epics DAO

![Epics Platform NFT Card Game](/news/2023/12/01/EpicsPlatformEN.png)

In recent years, open-source software of high quality and often free of charge
has been adopted by 97% of companies. However, many projects, being
volunteer-driven, struggle with funding and resource shortages, leading to
inadequate maintenance. As a result, more than half of the software worldwide is
at serious risk of security issues.

The Epics platform integrates three crucial resources for projects: development,
funding, and PR, in a new way. It fosters collaboration among community members
with different roles, such as developers, investors, and PR activists. The goal
is to strengthen support for open-source software development, ensuring
sustainable development, global software security, and further quality
improvement.

Epics introduces a new economic system where users are rewarded with different
coins based on their contribution method (development, investment, PR), with the
type of NFT cards earned also varying by job. This creates an environment where
users with different roles support each other's achievements, enjoying aspects
like acquiring and opening card packs, trading cards or packs in the market, and
participating in competitions.

By playing and enjoying the platform, a sustainable open-source development
environment is created, contributing to the solution of social issues. This is
the effort of Epics DAO, and everyone can cooperate in various ways. We look
forward to your participation. For more information, please check our official
Discord.

Epics DAO Official Discord: https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx
