---
id: epics-grants-program-for-open-source
title: Epics DAO Announces Grant Project for Sustainable Open Source Software Development
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/02/20/EpicsGrantsForOpenSourceProject.png
---

Epics DAO has announced the launch of a grant project to increase sustainability
for open source software development projects with severe resource shortages.

## Open source software development began to scream the limit

![core-js Problem](/news/2023/02/20/CoreJsProblemEN.png)

core-js is an open source JavaScript library that has become a de-facto standard
as a polyfill that allows you to use the latest features of JavaScript even in
older browsers, and is the technology that supports the popularity of JavaScript
(TypeScript) in recent years.

It is used by so many websites including big companies like Apple, Microsoft,
Netflix, Amazon, Paypal, Spotify.

It currently has 250 million monthly downloads, with nearly 9 billion total
downloads since its release in 2014, and has been adopted from his 19 million
GitHub repositories.

However, many software developers use core-js indirectly through transcompilers
such as Babel, so they are unaware of its benefits. The core-js project hasn't
been able to get proper funding.

While developers need to focus on development, they are required to do
commensurate marketing activities in order to obtain funding for project
development. Denis Pushkarev (zloirock), the creator of core-js, developed
core-js while quitting his full-time job and cutting his income by less than a
quarter in response to the rapidly increasing demand and rapidly changing
technical environment. We spent a considerable amount of time dedicating
ourselves to , leaving few resources for marketing efforts.

So while many companies continue to grow their profits thanks to core-js, the
core-js project is not properly funded. In fact, he has applied to a number of
grant programs and offered funding to various large companies using core-js, but
with almost no results.

Currently, he spends 250 hours a month on his core-js and earns only $400. His
hourly wage is only less than $2. Far from being completely unmatched by its
achievements, it has become difficult to continue living.

zloirock said, "This is the last attempt to keep core-js as a free and open
source project with the right quality and features. Beyond open source software
is to feed a family and solve Just a last attempt to convey that there are real
people out there with problems that should be addressed, if you or your company
are using core-js in any way and are interested in supply chain quality, then
this Please support the project," and is asking for support.

He said also, "With proper financial backing, I can continue to maintain core-js
functionality and even hire additional developers. However, if it is not
possible, I will make core-js a commercial project to cover the funds, or get a
full-time job and reduce core-js work to a few hours a month, and eventually
core-js will die."

zloirock - So, what's next?:
https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/master/docs/2023-02-14-so-whats-next.md

## Grants Project for Sustainable Open Source Software Development

![Grants for Open Source Project](/news/2023/02/20/EpicsGrantsForOpenSourceProject.png)

Epics DAO has announced a grant program for open source development projects to
contribute to resolving such resource shortages in open source software
development.

Eligible projects can use the grant ($EPCT) to create bounty quests for GitHub
issues.

Basically, it is an open source software development that is done free of
charge, but by applying a bounty to the problem (GitHub issue), the projects
will be able to collect more development resources.

Grants Program for Open Source Project Application Form:
https://forms.gle/sNCyG2BXBx3cuaHT8

CoinGecko - $EPCT: https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/epics-token

## Open source development is facing a serious resource shortage as it becomes more important

![Market Trends](/news/2023/01/23/MarketTrends.png)
![Problem](/news/2023/01/23/Problem.png)

In 2022, 78% of all codebases were open source software.

In this 12 years, the use of open source software in the software development
field has suddenly become an industry standard.

It's no exaggeration to say that open source software is essential to modern
innovation.

However, since contributions to open source development are still basically free
of charge, open source development is causing a serious shortage of resources as
the importance of open source software increases day by day.

On the other hand, there are many developers who want to devote their lives to
open source software development.

We Epics DAO are working to solve this resource imbalance problem with the power
of Web3 token economy and gamification.

Detail (Slides): https://speakerdeck.com/epicsdao/epics-buidl-to-earn

Epics DAO Website: https://epics.dev/en
