---
id: cho-chinchirorin-will-be-held-at-niconico-chokaigi-2024
title: “Cho Chinchirorin” will be held at NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024! Join for free and get super limited NFT card packs and goods
category: Press Release
thumbnail: /news/2024/04/23/Chokaigi2024Thumbnail.jpg
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, CEO Fumitake
Kawasaki) and its affiliated organization, Epics DAO, which operates a Web3 NFT
card game to support open-source development, will be participating in the
subculture festival "NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024," scheduled from April 22 (Monday)
to April 28 (Sunday), 2024.

On the event days of April 27 (Saturday) and April 28 (Sunday) at Makuhari Messe
International Exhibition Hall 7 C-10, near North Entrance 7, Epics DAO will host
a "Cho Chinchirorin" game. This event is free for all NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024
attendees, offering a chance to win ultra-limited NFT card packs and exclusive
merchandise. We warmly invite you to visit the Epics DAO booth.

## Cho Chinchirorin at NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024

Visit the Epics DAO booth (Makuhari Messe International Exhibition Hall 7 C-10:
Near North Entrance 7) for a chance to play Cho Chinchirorin, with one attempt
per person!

Challenge Cho Chinchirorin, and if you roll a double or higher, you'll win an
ultra-limited rare confirmed NFT card pack and exclusive rare goods!

Even if you don't roll a winning combination, you'll receive a commemorative
sticker and an ultra-limited NFT card pack.

While it's okay to participate on the day of the event, we recommend installing
a Solana wallet on your smartphone in advance to receive the ultra-limited NFT
as a prize. If you have no specific preference, we recommend the Phantom wallet
at the following link:

https://phantom.app/

Prizes are available while supplies last, but the event will be held on both
April 27 (Saturday) from 10:00 to 18:00 and April 28 (Sunday) from 10:00 to
17:00. We look forward to your visit to the Epics DAO booth (Makuhari Messe
International Exhibition Hall 7 C-10: Near North Entrance 7)!

We're eagerly awaiting your presence.

Cho Chinchirorin at NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024:
https://chokaigi.jp/2024/plan/chochinchirorin/

![Epics DAO in NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024](/news/2024/04/23/Chokaigi2024MainPoster.jpg)

## Overview of "NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024"

![NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024](/news/2024/04/23/NicoCho2024Key.jpg)

【Date】April 22 (Monday) to April 28 (Sunday), 2024

Online: April 22 (Monday) to April 28 (Sunday)

Real: April 27 (Saturday) 10:00 to 18:00, April 28 (Sunday) 10:00 to 17:00

【Organizer】NICONICO CHOKAIGI Executive Committee

【Venue】

Real Event: Makuhari Messe

Online Event: Niconico Official Website・Comprehensive TOP
(https://www.nicovideo.jp/)

【NICONICO CHOKAIGI Official Website】https://chokaigi.jp/

【X (Former Twitter) Official Account】https://twitter.com/chokaigi_PR

Catchphrase: Everyone's a protagonist.

Concept:

1. Fusion of Online and Real
2. Japan's Largest Subculture Festival
3. Creators as the Main Characters

Starting from the concept of "recreating everything (more or less) from Niconico
Douga on the ground," "NICONICO CHOKAIGI" has established itself as a
one-of-a-kind subculture event where net culture is enjoyed in real life. As a
unique "Japanese cultural festival" where everyone can say "I like what I like,"
connecting people and things, that's what NICONICO CHOKAIGI is.

Number of Real Event Visitors (2023): 118,797 people

## Social Contribution Web3 NFT Card Game "Buidlers Guild"

The ultra-limited NFT card packs available as prizes in Cho Chinchirorin contain
NFT cards that can be used in the Web3 trading card battle game "Buidlers Guild"
under development on the Epics platform.

For more details, please visit the official website or official Discord server
via the following links:

Epics DAO Official Website: https://epics.dev/en/

Epics DAO Official Discord Server: https://discord.gg/GmHYfyRamx/

![Epics Platform Buidlers Guild](/news/2024/04/19/BuidlersGuildFeaturedCardsInAlphaInvestorEN.jpg)

![Epics Platform Buidlers Guild](/news/2024/04/19/BuidlersGuildFeaturedCardsInAlphaDevEN.jpg)

![Epics Platform Buidlers Guild](/news/2024/04/19/BuidlersGuildFeaturedCardsInAlphaDegenEN.jpg)

## Social Issues to be Solved by Epics DAO

In recent years, high-quality open-source software, which is predominantly free,
has been adopted by 97% of companies, showing significant growth. However, as
many projects are volunteer-driven, they often suffer from financial
difficulties or a lack of resources, leading to inadequate maintenance.
Consequently, over half of the software globally is at risk due to serious
security vulnerabilities.

The Epics platform addresses this issue by providing appropriate incentives for
development, funding, and PR - three crucial resources for projects. It promotes
collaboration among community members with different roles, such as developers,
investors, and marketing activists, with the aim of enhancing support for
open-source software development, ensuring sustainable development, global
software security, and further improving quality.

![Epics Platform](/news/2024/03/12/EpicsPlatformEN.jpg)

On the Epics platform, contributions to open-source result in earning card packs
that can be used in the NFT card game "Buidlers Guild". As the type of cards
received varies with the nature of the work (development, investment, or
publicity), it fosters a supportive community where everyone aids in clearing
tasks. Even users who do not play the card game find value in obtaining card
packs due to demand from players, and valuable cards can lead to advantageous
trades on the market, making it a platform enjoyable for all positions.

By focusing on fun and play on the platform, a sustainable open-source
development environment is created, leading to high-quality open-source software
that can address various social issues. This positive cycle is what Epics DAO
strives to achieve.

We look forward to your participation. For more details, please check the
official Discord.

Epics DAO Official Discord: https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx

※ This article is not intended for investment advice. The information contained
in this article is based on the situation at the time of writing. Please check
for the most current information. Always NFA/DYOR.
