---
id: epics-dao-alpha-limited-nft-gacha-event
title: Epics DAO Hosts a Limited-Time Event Until the Beta Test! Get Exclusive NFT Card Packs with a Free Daily Gacha!
category: Press Release
thumbnail: /news/2024/05/13/BuidlersGuildAlphaLimitedPoster.jpg
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, and led by CEO
Fumitake Kawasaki) and Epics DAO, which operates a Web3 NFT card game supporting
open-source software development, have announced a limited-time event on the
Epics platform until the beta test begins.

In this exclusive event, the Epics platform has stocked limited NFT card packs
in its free daily gacha. Additionally, Dice Roll, which was extremely popular at
NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024, is making an early comeback! Don't miss this opportunity
and enjoy.

The limited NFT card pack available this time, the "Buidlers Guild Alpha Limited
Premium Pack," is an Alpha Series Selection Premium Pack. It includes essential
cards effective for various deck builds and features exclusive designs available
only during this period.

## Get the Exclusive NFT Card Pack with a Free Daily Gacha!

![Epics Platform Gacha Event Started](/news/2024/05/13/DailyGachaEventStartEN.jpg)

We have stocked limited NFT card packs in the free daily gacha on the Epics
platform.

Moreover, Dice Roll, which was incredibly popular at NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024, is
making an early comeback! Don't miss this opportunity and enjoy.

Epics Platform: https://app.epics.dev/en/

## Social Contribution Web3 NFT Card Game "Buidlers Guild"

The limited NFT card packs available as prizes contain NFT cards that can be
used in the Web3 trading card battle game "Buidlers Guild" under development on
the Epics platform.

The limited NFT card pack available this time, the "Buidlers Guild Alpha Limited
Premium Pack," is an Alpha Series Selection Premium Pack. It includes essential
cards effective for various deck builds and features exclusive designs available
only during this period.

For more details, please visit the official website or official Discord server
via the following links:

Epics DAO Official Website: https://epics.dev/en/

Epics DAO Official Discord Server: https://discord.gg/GmHYfyRamx/

![Epics Platform Buidlers Guild](/news/2024/04/19/BuidlersGuildFeaturedCardsInAlphaInvestorEN.jpg)

![Epics Platform Buidlers Guild](/news/2024/04/19/BuidlersGuildFeaturedCardsInAlphaDevEN.jpg)

![Epics Platform Buidlers Guild](/news/2024/04/19/BuidlersGuildFeaturedCardsInAlphaDegenEN.jpg)

## BDLC NFT Staking for "No Loss Donation"

![Buidlers Collective No Loss Donation](/news/2024/05/13/NoLossDonationStakingMechanismEN.jpg)

When you stake BDLC NFTs on the Epics platform, you earn $EPCT token rewards,
and the same amount of $EPCT is donated to the open-source project being staked
for, helping fund future development. This initiative leverages blockchain to
achieve socially impactful NFT staking and the concept of "No Loss Donation,"
which allows staking rewards to be donated without losing the principal amount.

The Buidlers Collective NFT was minted in June 2022 and is celebrating its 2nd
anniversary this June. To commemorate this milestone, a snapshot and special
gifts have been arranged, and an event is planned. Please check the official
Discord server for more details.

Epics DAO Official Discord Server: https://discord.gg/GmHYfyRamx/

![Buidlers Collective 2nd Anniversary](/news/2024/05/13/BuidlersCollective2ndAnniversary20246.jpg)

## Epics DAO Exhibited at "NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024"

![Epics DAO NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024](/news/2024/05/04/ThankYouForNicoNicoChokaigi2024EN.jpg)

Epics DAO exhibited at the NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024, where we held the "Super Dice
Roll" event at our booth, featuring extremely limited NFT card packs and
merchandise giveaways, concluding the event with great success.

We would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to all participants. Thank you
very much.

![Buidlers Guild NICONICO Limited](/news/2024/05/13/ThankYouNICONICOCHOKAIGIEN.jpg)

Super Dice Roll at NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024:
https://chokaigi.jp/2024/plan/chochinchirorin/

![NICONICO CHOKAIGI 2024](/news/2024/04/23/NicoCho2024Key.jpg)

【Date】April 22 (Monday) to April 28 (Sunday), 2024

Online: April 22 (Monday) to April 28 (Sunday)

Real: April 27 (Saturday) 10:00 to 18:00, April 28 (Sunday) 10:00 to 17:00

【Organizer】NICONICO CHOKAIGI Executive Committee

【Venue】

Real Event: Makuhari Messe

Online Event: Niconico Official Website・Comprehensive TOP
(https://www.nicovideo.jp/)

【NICONICO CHOKAIGI Official Website】https://chokaigi.jp/

【X (Former Twitter) Official Account】https://twitter.com/chokaigi_PR

Catchphrase: Everyone's a protagonist.

Concept:

1. Fusion of Online and Real
2. Japan's Largest Subculture Festival
3. Creators as the Main Characters

Starting from the concept of "recreating everything (more or less) from Niconico
Douga on the ground," "NICONICO CHOKAIGI" has established itself as a
one-of-a-kind subculture event where net culture is enjoyed in real life. As a
unique "Japanese cultural festival" where everyone can say "I like what I like,"
connecting people and things, that's what NICONICO CHOKAIGI is.

Number of Real Event Visitors (2024): 125,362 people

## Social Issues to be Solved by Epics DAO

In recent years, high-quality open-source software, which is predominantly free,
has been adopted by 97% of companies, showing significant growth. However, as
many projects are volunteer-driven, they often suffer from financial
difficulties or a lack of resources, leading to inadequate maintenance.
Consequently, over half of the software globally is at risk due to serious
security vulnerabilities.

The Epics platform addresses this issue by providing appropriate incentives for
development, funding, and PR - three crucial resources for projects. It promotes
collaboration among community members with different roles, such as developers,
investors, and marketing activists, with the aim of enhancing support for
open-source software development, ensuring sustainable development, global
software security, and further improving quality.

![Epics Platform](/news/2024/03/12/EpicsPlatformEN.jpg)

On the Epics platform, contributions to open-source result in earning card packs
that can be used in the NFT card game "Buidlers Guild". As the type of cards
received varies with the nature of the work (development, investment, or
publicity), it fosters a supportive community where everyone aids in clearing
tasks. Even users who do not play the card game find value in obtaining card
packs due to demand from players, and valuable cards can lead to advantageous
trades on the market, making it a platform enjoyable for all positions.

By focusing on fun and play on the platform, a sustainable open-source
development environment is created, leading to high-quality open-source software
that can address various social issues. This positive cycle is what Epics DAO
strives to achieve.

We look forward to your participation. For more details, please check the
official Discord.

Epics DAO Official Discord: https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx

※ This article is not intended for investment advice. The information contained
in this article is based on the situation at the time of writing. Please check
for the most current information. Always NFA/DYOR.
