---
id: over-50000-applications-for-epics
title: Thank you for over 50,000 applications to Web3 BCG "Epics" to support open-source development
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/08/02/Over50000ApplicationsForEpics.png
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (Headquarters: Amsterdam, Netherlands) announced on August 2nd,
2023 that the waitlist application for "Epics - The Builders Guild" beta will be
closed on the same day. Epics is Web3 BCG (blockchain game) run by the company,
with over 50,000 applicants at the time of announcement.

Epics Official Website: https://epics.dev/

## What's Epics?

![Epics - Blockchain Game for Social Contribution](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsBlockchainGameForSocialContributionEN.png)

Epics is a social contribution type BCG (blockchain game). We aim to transform
open-source development, which has become a serious resource shortage, into a
sustainable environment.

## Open-source development challenges

![Epics - Open Source Development resource shortage](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsOpenSourceDevelopmentResourceShortageEN.png)

Open-source software has spread rapidly in the last ten years and is currently
used by more than 90% of companies, but open-source development is still
basically free of charge and has not become a sustainable environment.

Much open-source software has not been maintained for more than two years
despite being widely used, and the percentage of corporate applications that
contain open-source code with vulnerabilities is 84% (2022), which is very
dangerous.

However, as can be seen from the fact that more than 90% of all companies use
it, open-source software has a high value as a public good, and anyone in the
world can use and benefit from it. Open-source is also essential for digital
transformation (DX).

![Epics - Open Source Cost Benefit](/news/2023/07/20/OpenSourceConstBenefitEN.png)

In 2021, the EU published a report examining the social impact of open-source
development. There, investment in open-source development is announced to be 10
times more cost-effective on an EU-wide GDP basis (2018).

## Epics - The Buidlers Guild

![Epics - Players](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsPlayersEN.png)

Epics is a command-based battle game in which you choose one of three jobs, earn
points by contributing to open-source development, and use those points to
develop your character.

Developers (Dev) who solve various problems such as vulnerabilities, social
investors (Investors) who contribute to the development of the world by
supporting open-source development, and public relations activists (Degen) who
convey this unknown big problem to the world. Three types of players cooperate
to solve the social problems of open-source development.

![Epics - Gamification](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsGamificationEN.png)

Points are awarded for real-world actions that remedy the resource scarcity of
open-source development, so being strong in an Epics game means significantly
contributing to open-source.

It is an effort to realize a better society by making contributions to society
visible as a status that was difficult to see in reality, by preparing
incentives for positive actions for society, and by working together to solve
this problem while having fun.

![Epics - New Economy](/news/2023/07/20/EpicsNewEconomyEN.png)

Epics incentivizes developers, investors, and public relations activists by
developing a gaming platform that connects to real-world issues.

Social problems will be solved by each seeking fun and incentives and taking
action.

We believe that the “new economy” that combines blockchain and gamification will
solve problems that have not been solved until now.

## Epics Beta Waiting List

If you join the Epics Beta Waitlist, you will receive priority invites to the
game, including access to the Private Beta.

Waitlist applications will be closed on August 2nd, 2023 (UTC).

Thankfully, we have over 50,000 players on the waitlist.

Let's work together to solve social problems and create public goods for the
future.

We are excited to see you participate.

Epics Beta Waiting List (Google Form): https://forms.gle/piSwBa4iYnsofaNXA
