---
id: launched-epics-alpha
title: Epics DAO Launches Epics Alpha, a Decentralized Crowdsourcing Platform for Open Source Software Development
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2022/09/04/PRTIMES-Epics-Alpha.jpg
---

Epics DAO, which develops a decentralized crowdsourcing platform for open source
software development, has announced the launch of the Alpha version of its
product.

## Epics - Decentralized Crowdsourcing Platform

![Epics](/news/2022/07/19/EpicsBusinessModelEN.png)

Epics is a decentralized crowdsourcing platform for incentivizing open source
software development.

Clients can set up a GitHub issue as a Quest (Smart Contract). Developers can
receive token prizes by solving issues (quests).

This ecosystem makes developers focus on problems in their expertise. Also,
clients will be able to solve more advanced problems.

The more token prizes, the more attention to be solved issues. As a result, open
source software grows faster in quality.

Epics solves resource imbalances in software development.

For developers, we can realize a world where they can fully demonstrate and
develop their expertise, and for clients, we can realize a world where open
source software can be used more safely.

We will realize further development of open source software as a more reliable
and high-quality software asset.

Epics Alpha: https://alpha.epics.dev/en

### Benefits as a developer

Developers can get token prizes by participating in and clearing their favorite
quests from among the prize quests. This means that you will be able to invest
24 hours in sharp technology.

In the business of an existing company, it is necessary to be involved in a wide
range of services to be provided, so developers with a wide range of
general-purpose technologies are easier to handle and have a great advantage in
nurturing, so the environment is specialized.

As a decentralized crowdsourcing platform, Epics can contribute to the
development of various projects while optimizing developer resources so that
each developer can concentrate on his or her favorite and strong fields. We will
create a world where we can make a living from the token prizes.

### Benefits as a client

Clients (individuals to businesses, DAOs, open source software communities,
etc.) can partially get the help of highly skilled developers around the world.
We sometimes encounter difficult problems in service development, but in many
cases it is related to the library (open source software) we are using, and it
is often impossible for the team to do anything about it.

As mentioned above, the existence of open source software has become
indispensable in software development. It is no exaggeration to say that we are
now creating software with a combination of open source software. When using
such a lot of open source software, problems occur, such as a slight mismatch
with a use case or a bug in the part being used. Developers have to make the
choice to fix the source software or stop using it and look for other solutions
(this kind of modification is very annoying due to the wide scope of source
code).

If you find a bug in open source software, you can publicize it as a GitHub
Issue and ask for help. However, due to the nature of donations and good
intentions, it is difficult to raise the priority of your own issues, and if you
can not solve it yourself, what you can do is wait for an influential person to
be troubled by the same problem and solve it.

As such, many developers have been forced to engage in very annoying
refurbishments. This represents a lack of funding for the importance of open
source software. Promoting Issue resolution as a bounty instead of refurbishment
costs will result in lower maintenance costs. In addition to that, the promotion
of issue resolution improves the quality of open source software, so a virtuous
cycle that also improves the quality of all software that uses it will occur all
over the world, and all users including clients will be able to do so. We all
will enjoy the benefits.

## About Epics DAO

![Epics Solana Hacker House in Paris](/news/2022/07/19/KawasakiSpeechStage.jpg)

Epics DAO was founded to incentivize open source software development.

Open source software has grown rapidly and is now the core of innovation in
software companies. The developments are in a situation where there are not
enough resources available.

However, for further development, from solving problems such as bug fixes, to
improving documentation and support, etc. We are in need of resources now more
than ever.

On the other hand, the developers have a great admiration for a lifestyle where
they can live by committing to open source software. Many developers prefer to
focus all their time on what they are good at if possible.

By creating an ecosystem that incentivizes open source software development with
the Epics platform, We solve resource imbalances and contribute to the further
development of software development sites around the world.

For more information, please visit the website below.

https://epics.dev/en
