---
id: stake-the-nfts-to-get-the-rewards-with-no-loss-donation
title: Simultaneous Reward Acquisition and No Loss Donation through NFT Staking. Epics DAO Releases New Feature to Support Open-Source Development
category: Press Release
thumbnail: /news/2024/04/04/StakeTheNFTsToGetTheRewardsWithNoLossDonationEN.jpg
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (Headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, CEO: Fumitake
Kawasaki) and its established entity, Epics DAO, which operates a Web3 NFT card
game supporting open-source development, have announced the release of a staking
feature for "Buidlers Collective (BDLC)" NFTs issued on the Solana blockchain on
the Epics platform.

With this new feature, staking BDLC NFTs on the Epics platform allows for the
donation of the same amount of rewards earned during the staking period to
open-source projects upon the completion of the staking period. The donation is
made automatically when rewards are claimed at the end of the staking period.
This realizes a No Loss Donation, where users can earn rewards while a portion
of the rewards generated from staking is donated to open-source projects.

## No Loss Donation - Societal Contribution through NFT Staking

![BDLC NFT Staking](/news/2024/04/04/NoLossDonationStakingMechanismEN.jpg)

By staking BDLC NFTs on the Epics platform, you can earn $EPCT token rewards,
and an equivalent amount of $EPCT will be donated to the staked open-source
project for future development use.

This initiative aims to realize societal contribution through NFT staking and No
Loss Donation (donating staking rewards without losing the principal) using
blockchain technology.

For details on NFT staking reward rates and part bonuses, please check the Epics
Platform.

Epics Platform: https://app.epics.dev/en/

![BDLC NFT Staking](/news/2024/04/04/EpicsPlatformNFTStakingEN.jpg)

Already, 389 Buidlers (approximately 41.3% of the total supply) have been
staked, with the floor price increasing by +118.64%.

We deeply appreciate their cooperation from the very early stages of the
project.

Buidlers Collective (BDLC) NFT Market:

Magic Eden - https://magiceden.io/marketplace/buidlersc

Tensor - https://www.tensor.trade/trade/buidlersc

![Buidlers Collective](/news/2024/04/04/BuidlersCollectiveTwiceUp.jpg)

Epics DAO will continue to release new features supporting open-source
development and develop the NFT card game and other platform elements.

## Social Issues to be Solved by Epics DAO

In recent years, high-quality open-source software, which is predominantly free,
has been adopted by 97% of companies, showing significant growth. However, as
many projects are volunteer-driven, they often suffer from financial
difficulties or a lack of resources, leading to inadequate maintenance.
Consequently, over half of the software globally is at risk due to serious
security vulnerabilities.

The Epics platform addresses this issue by providing appropriate incentives for
development, funding, and PR - three crucial resources for projects. It promotes
collaboration among community members with different roles, such as developers,
investors, and marketing activists, with the aim of enhancing support for
open-source software development, ensuring sustainable development, global
software security, and further improving quality.

![Epics Platform](/news/2024/03/12/EpicsPlatformEN.jpg)

On the Epics platform, contributions to open-source result in earning card packs
that can be used in the NFT card game "Buidlers Guild". As the type of cards
received varies with the nature of the work (development, investment, or
publicity), it fosters a supportive community where everyone aids in clearing
tasks. Even users who do not play the card game find value in obtaining card
packs due to demand from players, and valuable cards can lead to advantageous
trades on the market, making it a platform enjoyable for all positions.

By focusing on fun and play on the platform, a sustainable open-source
development environment is created, leading to high-quality open-source software
that can address various social issues. This positive cycle is what Epics DAO
strives to achieve.

We look forward to your participation. For more details, please check the
official Discord.

Epics DAO Official Discord: https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx

â€» This article is not intended for investment advice. The information contained
in this article is based on the situation at the time of writing. Please check
for the most current information. Always NFA/DYOR.
