---
id: epics-bounty-start
title: Epics DAO Announces New Bounty Program with Crypto Incentives on Solana Blockchain
category: Press Release
thumbnail: /news/2023/12/05/EpicsBountyStartEN.jpg
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, CEO: Fumitake
Kawasaki) and its subsidiary, Epics DAO, which supports open-source development
through a socially beneficial Web3 game, have announced the launch of a new
bounty program on the Epics platform developed on the Solana blockchain. This
program enables global collaboration through incentives in cryptocurrencies.

Epics Platform: https://app.epics.dev/en/

## Overview of the Epics Bounty Program

![Epics Bounty Program List](/news/2023/12/05/BountyListEN.jpg)

The growth of open-source software (OSS) over the past decades has been an
essential element of technological innovation. However, this growth is marred by
serious challenges, stemming from a dependence on volunteer-driven efforts. A
decade ago, only about 10% of companies adopted OSS, but today, 97% of companies
use it. This significant increase has put unprecedented pressure on the OSS
community.

Security risks highlight one aspect of these problems. More than half of the
software worldwide suffers from severe security vulnerabilities due to a lack of
resources. Additionally, even OSS projects used by 98% of the top 1000 websites
are at risk of maintenance lapses due to funding shortages. This issue extends
beyond developers and should be considered as critical as startups.

The sustainable development of OSS is vital for modern software development.
However, there is a lack of concrete efforts to support this foundation. To
address this situation, the construction of a new ecosystem is necessary.

OSS projects, primarily conducted remotely via GitHub, face barriers in terms of
payments and contracts when it comes to work. Cryptocurrencies and smart
contracts play a revolutionary role here. By using the Solana blockchain, it
becomes possible to send money instantly anywhere in the world with minimal
fees.

![Epics Bounty Program Detail](/news/2023/12/05/BountyDetailEN.jpg)

The Epics Bounty is a platform that resolves numerous issues by gathering small
contributions from individuals around the world. Tasks within a project are
divided and assigned to individual contributors on the Epics platform. This
allows not only software developers but also people with various skills to
support OSS projects in their areas of expertise. Furthermore, these
contributions are incentivized with token-based rewards.

Epics DAO is building a platform and community utilizing blockchain, tokens, and
NFTs to solve societal challenges. The Epics Bounty program, as a part of this
initiative, provides a new environment for resource utilization in OSS projects.
Through this new ecosystem, we aim to contribute to OSS projects and innovation
in software through technology.

For the latest information, please check our official Discord community. We are
looking forward to your participation, from those interested in the project to
those who want to utilize the Epics platform for OSS projects. Please feel free
to contact us on Discord.

https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx

## About the Epics Beta NFT Card Game

![Epics NFT Card Game Platform](/news/2023/12/01/EpicsPlatformEN.png)

During the Epics Alpha phase, we were able to resolve issues quickly by offering
bounties in cryptocurrency for software bugs and improvements, garnering
cooperation from a global community. This approach promoted rapid responses and
innovation from developers worldwide.

With the upcoming Epics Beta, we plan to further expand this approach. By
integrating gaming elements with the benefits of Web3 tokens, we aim to build a
new economic system. This system is designed to usher in a new era of
open-source software development.

In recent years, open-source software, which is essentially free, has been
adopted by 97% of companies. However, many projects, being volunteer-driven,
suffer from funding shortages and resource scarcity, leading to inadequate
maintenance. Consequently, more than half of the software worldwide is plagued
with serious security risks.

Epics Beta aims to integrate development, funding, and PR – three essential
resources – in a novel way. The platform will facilitate collaboration among
community members with different roles, such as developers, investors, and PR
activists. The goal is to strengthen support for open-source software
development, ensuring sustainable development, global software security, and
quality improvement.

In the new economic system of Epics Beta, different coin rewards will be
provided based on the users' contribution methods (development/investment/PR).
Different types of NFT card packs are available depending on the coin type,
allowing users with various roles to support each other's achievements. In this
open ecosystem, everyone can enjoy opening card packs, trading in the market,
and participating in competitions.

These innovative features utilizing cryptocurrencies and NFTs elevate Epics Beta
beyond a mere game platform, paving new paths for co-creation, empathy, and
sustainable development. Epics Beta is leading a new era in open-source software
development, offering new opportunities for collaboration and growth to the
global community.

For more details, please visit our official website.

https://epics.dev/en/
