---
id: solana-mobile-saga-product-version-arrived
title: Finally the product version of Web3 mobile "Solana Saga Phone" arrived
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/05/17/SolanaSagaArrivedToAmsterdam.png
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (Headquarters: Amsterdam) participated in the development of
the Web3 mobile "Solana Saga Phone" as a monitor, but this time, the Solana
ecosystem and the dApp Store (Web3 app store) will further develop. For
development and development, we have obtained the completed Solana Saga Phone as
a product version.

The company operates Epics DAO, which makes open-source development with severe
resource shortages a sustainable environment with an incentive revolution, and
they are developing a blockchain game on the Solana chain that improves the
open-source development environment when played.

## Web3 Mobile "Solana Saga Phone"

![Solana Saga Phone](/news/2023/05/17/SolanaSagaPhoneMain.png)

Solana Saga Phone is primarily developed to improve Web3 user experience and
security.

Released May 8, 2023, in the US, Canada, Europe, UK, Switzerland, Australia, and
New Zealand.

Shipping countries are scheduled to increase, but no specific timeline has been
announced. Stay tuned for more news.

Saga orders now open to everyone:
https://solanamobile.com/news/saga-orders-now-open-to-everyone

![Solana Saga Phone Details](/news/2023/05/17/SolanaSagaScreenShots.png)

In the Solana dApp store, you can download dApps (Web3 apps) like the iPhone's
App Store and Android's Play Store, making it easier than ever to access Web3
services.

Saga Phone's Seed Vault allows you to efficiently perform all transactions
(sending money or signing) with fingerprint authentication while keeping your
private key safe with AES encryption.

Until now, it has been a lot of work to search for a wallet service that
corresponds to the chain you want to use, create a crypto wallet, install an
extension on your browser, and then search for information on dApps such as DEX,
etc., and the information is scattered. The Solana Saga Phone aims to improve
the experience of everything you do in Web3 by bringing it all to mobile.

At ELSOUL LABO, they are currently developing Epics for the dApp Store, and they
plan to release a serverless application framework for the Solana dApp Store
soon.

## Epics - The Buidlers Guild

![Epics - The Buidlers Guild](/news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuild.png)

Epics is a Web3 blockchain game (BCG) to incentivize open source software
development.

80% of the current software (including commercial) source code worldwide is
open. Most software today is based on open-source software. However, open-source
development is free of charge and is not a sustainable environment.

To make open source development sustainable, the existence of capital
(Investor), development resources (Dev), and public relations (Degen) that
inform the current situation and gather collaborators is indispensable. Good
cooperation among these three parties will enable further open-source
development. As open source development develops, the software that depends on
it will benefit, and society will become more convenient.

Epics players first choose their job among Dev, Degen, and Investor. After that,
you can earn many points by doing actions in your specialty (for example, Dev
for development work, Degen for advertising, Investor for investing and donating
to open source projects, and holding bounty programs). Teams with all three
types of jobs collected get preferential status. Both in the game and the real
world, cooperation between developers (Dev), public relations (Degen), and
investors (Investor) is essential. As the game progresses, real-world
open-source problems also will be solved.

Epics aims to create a sustainable open-source development environment powered
by gamification and Web3 token economy. Enthusiasm for the game raises funds,
solves problems such as actual bugs, and allows developers to earn a living by
contributing to open-source development, allowing them to focus more on
development. The virtuous cycle is created. Such a sustainable open-source
development environment will enable more convenient software innovation.

For more information, join the Epics DAO Discord server for the latest news and
private Beta access.

Epics DAO (Discord): https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx
