---
id: epics-alpha-ended-and-epics-beta-started
title: Epics DAO Project, a Web3 NFT Card Game on Solana Supporting Open Source Development, Announces New Season
category: Press Release
thumbnail: /news/2023/12/01/EpicsBeta.png
---

ELSOUL LABO B.V. (ELSOUL LABO, Headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, CEO:
Fumitake Kawasaki) announced the conclusion of the Epics Alpha season at the end
of November, and the commencement of the new Epics Beta season starting
December. This initiative, part of the company's community-focused Web3 game
supporting open-source development, Epics DAO, marks a significant milestone.

The new Epics Beta platform will offer unprecedented features and an exciting
gaming experience. Access is available through the following link, and a Solana
wallet is required for login:

https://app.epics.dev/en/

The popular Daily Gacha is set to resume shortly. Additionally, details about
the Epics Beta NFT Card Game Test will be announced soon.

Priority Tester ticket NFT can be obtained on the Beta platform.

For the latest updates, please visit our official Discord community:

https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx

## About the Epics Beta NFT Card Game

![Epics NFT Card Game Platform](/news/2023/12/01/EpicsPlatformEN.png)

During the Epics Alpha season, by offering bounties in cryptocurrency for
software bugs and improvements, we were able to facilitate early problem
resolution with the help of the global community. This approach encouraged rapid
response and innovation among developers worldwide.

The upcoming Epics Beta will expand on this approach, combining gaming elements
with the advantages of Web3 tokens to create a new economic system. This system
aims to pioneer a new era in open-source software development.

In recent years, open-source software, generally free, has been adopted by 97%
of companies. However, many projects, being volunteer-driven, suffer from
funding and resource shortages, leading to inadequate maintenance. Consequently,
more than half of the software worldwide faces serious security risks.

Epics Beta will integrate three key resources – development, funding, and PR –
in an innovative way. The platform will promote collaboration among community
members with different roles, such as developers, investors, and PR activists.
The aim is to enhance support for open-source software development and achieve
sustainable development and global software security and quality improvements.

The new economic system of Epics Beta will provide different coin rewards based
on users' contributions (development/investment/PR). This will result in various
types of obtainable NFT cards, fostering an environment where users with
different roles support each other's achievements. In this open ecosystem,
everyone can enjoy opening cards, trading in the market, and participating in
competitions.

These innovative features elevate Epics Beta beyond a mere gaming platform,
paving the way for co-creation, empathy, and sustainable development. Epics Beta
is set to lead the new era of open-source software development, offering new
forms of cooperation and growth opportunities to the global community.

For more details, please visit our official website:

https://epics.dev/en/
