---
id: epics-the-buidlers-guild
title: Epics DAO Announces BCG (Blockchain Game) "Epics - The Buidlers Guild"
category: Press release
thumbnail: /news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuild.png
---

Epics DAO has announced its next BCG (Blockchain Game) "Epics - The Buidlers
Guild". Epics is a decentralized crowdsourcing platform that aims to create a
sustainable open source software development environment with the right
incentives.

Epics - The Buidlers Guild:
https://speakerdeck.com/epicsdao/epics-the-buidlers-guild

## The Buidlers Guild

![Epics - The Buidlers Guild](/news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuild6.png)

Players of "Epics - The Builders Guild" first decide which job to participate in
"Dev," "Degen", or "Investor." Any player can do development, public relations,
and investment activities, but the number of points earned due to actions varies
depending on the job. Choosing your preferred position in open-source
development will give you the best results in gaming.

80% of the current software (including commercial) source code worldwide is
open. Most software today is based on open-source software. However, open-source
development is free of charge and is not a sustainable environment.

To make open source development sustainable, the existence of capital
(Investor), development resources (Dev), and public relations (Degen) that
inform the current situation and gather collaborators is indispensable. Good
cooperation among these three parties will enable further open-source
development. As open source development develops, the software that depends on
it will benefit, and society will become more convenient.

Epics aims to create a sustainable open-source development environment powered
by gamification and his Web3 token economy.

## Partner AI Robot & Buidlers Collective NFT

![Epics - The Buidlers Guild](/news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuild8.png)

The main game of Epics is a command battle where you form a party with a partner
AI robot and fight.

You can fight with the default AI Robo, but the Builders Collective NFT can be
used in the game as an AI Robo that comes with rare equipment from the beginning
or grows more assertive with a higher level limit.

Magic Eden (NFT Marketplace) - Buidlers Collective NFT:
https://magiceden.io/marketplace/buidlersc

## The Squad System

![Epics - The Buidlers Guild](/news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuild10.png)

The squad system has various merits by gathering members; more bonuses are given
to squads where all three jobs, such as Dev, Degen, and Investor, pick.

As the members grow, the scale of the squad expands, and the benefits also
increase.

## Epics League

![Epics - The Buidlers Guild](/news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuild11.png)

The Epics League will be held over the weekend, with entries per squad.

Fight through the league with AI partner robots trained with points earned from
daily activities. Points earned in 5 weeks (10 battles) determine tier
promotion, and the higher the tier, the more luxurious the ranking rewards and
match rewards.

## Beta Soon...

![Epics - The Buidlers Guild](/news/2023/04/15/EpicsTheBuidlersGuildSoon.png)

Epics - The Builders Guild is currently in private beta development on Solana.
Shortly, we will start informing those eligible for the personal beta version.

For more information, join the Epics DAO Discord server for the latest news and
private Beta access.

Epics DAO (Discord): https://discord.com/invite/GmHYfyRamx
